A STRUCTURED PROGRAM:

 

ASSIGNMENT STATEMENT:

Write a C program that uses the following statements to calculate x raised to the y power. 
The program should have a while iteration control statement.

a)  Input unsigned integer variable x with scanf_s. Use the conversion specifier %u. 
b)  Input unsigned integer variable y with scanf_s. Use the conversion specifier %u.
c)  Set unsigned integer variable i to 1.
d)  Set unsigned integer variable power to 1.
e)  Multiply the unsigned integer variable power by x and assign the result to the variable 
power.
f)   Increment variable i by 1.
g)  Test i to see if it’s less than or equal to y in the condition of a while statement. 
h)  Output unsigned integer variable power with printf. Use the conversion specifier %u.
 

DELIVERABLES:

Submit ONLY one file that is a zip file which includes:

A Microsoft Visual Studio (VS 2019) project which includes the main directory of the project. 
The main directory will contain all the files and subdirectories created for the solution by 
MS VS.
A Microsoft Word Readme documentation file.
The FILES' NAMING FORMATS:  

Files' names should be in the following naming convention form: Last name-First initial-PA# 
where PA is the programming assignment number.

The Zip-file name (i.e.   Smith-J-PA03.zip)
The VS Project name (i.e.   Smith-J-PA03) ... The entire directory of the project should be 
submitted; NOT only the .lsn file.
The Readme file name (i.e.  Smith-J-PA03.doc)       (Readme is 25% of the grade if the project
is working otherwise it is zero)
The SOURCE CODE (.c) file should include:

•  Comments to describe the code.


The README Documentation file should include a separate section for each of the following:

•   A front page that includes university name, department name, the course title, assignment 
title, student name, and date.
•   A report which clearly describes the design and description of your software components.
•   A description of any input data OR file(s) to test the application. (If a file is used 
include: a file with valid data and a file with invalid data)
•   Detailed instruction on how the program can be compiled and executed.
•   A dataflow diagram for every function defined in the application using any 
diagramming/graphics software such as Microsoft Visio.
•   Screenshots of two execution sessions processing valid input data types.